when I don't feel guilty I do feel
disgust and I don't want to feel either
of them i' like to live in a world where
I respect her but I have never felt that
yeah how yeah I don't think she's worthy
of
respect yeah and don't feel respect it's
just not something that yeah the trick
is to just feel what's
there okay well first I'm sweating
profusely so uh apart from that
um I uh for Upward of let's say 25 years
I've uh I've basically never felt like I
belonged in my family like my
specifically with my mother she's always
just tried to change me tried to make me
more like her and belong in my family um
my boundaries have never been I've never
set boundaries up until about three
years ago and then about six months ago
I basically told her that I can't give
her anymore I kind of separated myself
from my mom and my family I personally
it's the best decision I think I made I
feel I
made um I have so much less stress
anxiety
I but yet now I have so much guilt
whether I did the right thing and
especially I see other people who have
issues with their family and they
forgive them they move on they come
together again and like what's wrong
with me that I don't want to do that or
can't do that and all this guilt
and yes
gota great great so what's the question
there gonna be a lot of questions in
there what's
yours what's wrong with me that I don't
want to be a part of my
family oh cool that nothing okay we're
done yeah like I mean I know that
intellectually but like I guess what's
the question guilt
why what's stopping me from fully
feeling good about my decision and not
and instead guilty
yeah there you go yeah it's
yeah M you do me a favor and just put a
hand on yeah yeah
not to make her feel better just to let
her know you're
there it's cuz you love your mom
man do I I I get I get that she's a
[__] you don't like her and you don't
want to be around her I got all that I
know it's true and you can't you can't
be a human being and not love your mom
on some level want want want your mom's
love
all this feels very foreign to me I have
for as long as I can remember just been
waiting for the day that she dies so I
don't have to deal with her and I just I
don't feel love towards her like yeah I
don't know what love towards her is I
guess because it's not what I know love
to be
right
yeah so feel the guilt for a
minute yeah great and if and assume for
a second like you couldn't feel the
guilt what would be left to
feel
love [__] no it it sounded like the
thing to feel is that's what I saw here
yes but that's because I thought was the
answer love yeah [__] the answer [__]
[__] what I have to
[Laughter]
say and just let let just see what you
have to feel if you go underneath the
guilt if you couldn't feel the guilt
what what's left to
feel
pity great yeah feel the
pity that kind of turns into
disgust yeah [__] right sounds like
it's yeah so feel the disgust yeah
yeah I guess I when I don't feel guilty
I do feel disgust and I don't want to
feel either of them I'd like to live in
a world where I respect her but I have
never felt that yeah how yeah I don't
think she's worthy of respect
yeah and don't feel respect it's just
not something that yeah the trick is to
just feel what's
there I'm sorry
that your mom is not able to earn your
respect that sucks
yeah and I'm really grateful that you're
taking care of
yourself doesn't it always feel like
that
no that's one of the reasons you disgust
your mom you're disgusted by your mom is
because she taught You' self-care
was not something to feel good about no
she doesn't do it right
exactly do I move past this you just did
you just moved past the guilt into
disgust then how do I move at the
disgust
obviously everything should go like that
the this the same way you you allow them
to feel and mooving your body without
like this mental model like fully allow
yourself to have that stomach churning
oh my
god
oh
yeah and now what's happening
now kind of just stuck like in my like
sternum area go right into go right into
that emotional experience for a
minute
yeah there it
is
now I'm back to
guilt is that guilt or is that sadness I
guess it's sadness and feeling bad which
to me is guilt
but I guess it could be
different
yeah that's
the there is heartbreak in the fact that
this is the relationship with your
[Music]
mom
yeah it does I
guess and it's a scary ass thing to feel
it's why you have all those layers on
top of
it because in the Heartbreak and that
sadness it's like that's the love that's
the love you
have of course you want your mom to be
well of course you want a good
relationship with her of course you want
her to [__] take care of herself and
to respect the fact that you take care
of
yourself of course you want your mom to
call up and say oh
sweetheart I get why you [__] had to
separate from me and I'm so sorry and
how do we how do I show up in a way that
you can feel supported [__] of course
you want
that just never gonna
happen it is most likely never going to
happen I agree with
[Laughter]
you
but what can happen is that you can look
at your mom one day and you can just
feel nothing but love and
compassion and that doesn't mean she's
in your life that doesn't mean you talk
to each
other but when she crosses your mind she
crosses your heart you're not defended
you're not
protecting I guess I hope that happens
one
day you keep feel if you keep feeling
this [__] I guarantee it it's not a
question of
Hope
yeah fair
enough i' got one other I've got one
other little piece that I think it be
super useful for for you um what's
what's the thing that like
brings the most love into your
heart a dog
Mitch a friend like just I don't need a
comparison I'm not looking for but just
something that immediately just makes
you
feel looking at my dog great
great so I want you to get in touch with
that heart
feeling yeah there it is you know
yeah and this is just this is just a
pointer for the future this isn't for
now yeah so the word compassion in Greek
um basically meant of the
guts and so that in your gut when you
where all the storage all that [__] gets
stored I want you to look at your dog
feel that love that you have but also
allow it to go into your
gut
and then what's it supposed to do
there shut
up apparently exactly
[Laughter]
that
you joke welcome
pleasure